1.Still Alive
This was a triumph!
I'm making a note here: "HUGE SUCCESS!"
It's hard to overstate my satisfaction.
Aperture Science,
we do what we must because we can.
For the good of all of us, except the ones who are dead.
But there's no sense crying over every mistake.
You just keep on trying till you run out of cake.
And the science gets done. And you make a neat gun
for the people who are still alive.

I'm not even angry
I'm being so sincere right now
Even though you broke my heart and killed me.
And tore me to pieces.
And threw every piece into a fire.
As they burned it hurt because I was so happy for you!
Now, these points of data make a beautiful line.
And we're out of beta, we're releasing on time!
So I'm GLaD I got burned, think of all the things we learned,
for the people who are still alive.

Go ahead and leave me
I think I'd prefer to stay inside...
Maybe you'll find someone else to help you?
Maybe Black Mesa?
That was a joke! HAHA, fat chance!
Anyway this cake is great! It's so delicious and moist!
Look at me: still talking when there's science to do!
When I look out there, it makes me GLaD I'm not you.
I have experiments to run, there is research to be done.
On the people who are still alive.

And believe me I am still alive.
I'm doing science and I'm still alive.
I feel fantastic and I'm still alive.
While you're dying I'll be still alive.
And when you're dead I will be still alive.
Still alive, still alive.

2.Faded
You were the shadow to my light, Did you feel us?

Another start, You fade away

Afraid our aim is out of sight, Wanna see us, Alive

Where are you now? Where are you now?Where are you now?

Was it all in my fantasy?Where are you now?Were you only imaginary?

Where are you now? Atlantis Under the sea Under the sea

Where are you now? Another dream, The monster's running wild inside of me

I'm faded I'm faded  So lost, I'm faded

I'm faded  So lost, I'm faded

These shallow waters never met what I needed I'm letting go a deeper dive

Eternal silence of the sea. I'm breathing alive

Where are you now? Where are you now?

Under the bright but faded lights You've set my heart on fire

Where are you now? Where are you now?

Where are you now? Atlantis

Under the sea Under the sea

Where are you now? Another dream The monster's running wild inside of me

I'm faded I'm faded So lost, I'm faded

I'm faded So lost, I'm faded.